tonight we're gonna make some of the
best tasting brats I've ever had I think
you'll agree
okay here we go start off with our
onions and peppers chopped up some nice
sized pieces here we got eight ounce
package of sliced mushrooms Bob
tablespoon of black pepper and two
packages of thought
we're using the major brand original
bratwurst here but you can use any kind
you like just be sure to get two
packages one is never enough
I get this whole thing swimming in some
beer
pick up at least a six pack your
favorite beer here we got 5 going in
this pot right now leaves one for you
there we go and we're going to turn this
up about medium-high and bring this up
to a boil
you want to stir this every so often to
reduce this down quite a bit
we're gonna keep this going at a nice
little boil then the dinner time yet
alright we're about an hour in it's time
to take these brats out of here and put
them on the grill for a little bit
we're going to grill leaves over high
heat a couple minutes per side be almost
like you're gonna sear a steak I'm going
to get these nice and brown and crispy
on the outside
okay we're actually gonna turn the heat
up on this and cook that down ok this is
reduced sound like we want it
I think those brats are ready to come in
from the grill to
all right we got it brought back in from
the grill and put these back in
I just all ready to go here
we just need to let these simmer for a
few minutes but all those flavors come
together
look this is done
alright we paired this up with some rode
around about us today nice little meal
tell you what
it's just that simple ready
you